Add signature validation for async sign call (#2791)
aws/s2n-tls: docs/USAGE-GUIDE.md

This setting is ignored in TLS1.3. TLS1.3 terminates a connection for all alerts except user_canceled.

### s2n\_config\_set\_async\_pkey\_validation\_mode
```c
int s2n_config_set_async_pkey_validation_mode(struct s2n_config *config, s2n_async_pkey_validation_mode mode);
```

> Sets whether or not a connection should validate signature during async sign call. `mode` can only take following values : 
> - `S2N_ASYNC_PKEY_VALIDATION_SKIP` - default behavior: s2n_tls will skip all signature validation during async sign call
> - `S2N_ASYNC_PKEY_VALIDATION_STRICT` - validation feature buy in. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets whether or not a connection should validate the signature during an async sign call. This feature is useful to ensure that the private key used for the signature matches the public key stored on the connection.

`mode` can only take the following values: 
- `S2N_ASYNC_PKEY_VALIDATION_SKIP` - default behavior: s2n-tls will skip all signature validation
- `S2N_ASYNC_PKEY_VALIDATION_STRICT` - the signature will be validated using the connection's stored public key
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion. Let me add this to new commit

This setting is ignored in TLS1.3. TLS1.3 terminates a connection for all alerts except user_canceled.

### s2n\_config\_set\_async\_pkey\_validation\_mode
```c
int s2n_config_set_async_pkey_validation_mode(struct s2n_config *config, s2n_async_pkey_validation_mode mode);
```
Sets whether or not a connection should validate the signature during an async sign call. 

> This feature is useful to ensure that the private key used for the signature matches the public key stored on the connection. 

Author: Good point. 
Let me add more wording to the doc

> This feature is useful to ensure that the private key used for the signature matches the public key stored on the connection. 

Reviewer 2: Also maybe rename `S2N_ASYNC_PKEY_VALIDATION_SKIP` to `S2N_ASYNC_PKEY_VALIDATION_FAST`?

> This feature is useful to ensure that the private key used for the signature matches the public key stored on the connection. 

Author: Done

This setting is ignored in TLS1.3. TLS1.3 terminates a connection for all alerts except user_canceled.

### s2n\_config\_set\_async\_pkey\_validation\_mode
```c
int s2n_config_set_async_pkey_validation_mode(struct s2n_config *config, s2n_async_pkey_validation_mode mode);
```

> Sets whether or not a connection should enforce stricter signature validation during `s2n_async_pkey_op_apply` call. 
> `mode` can only take following values : 
> - `S2N_ASYNC_PKEY_VALIDATION_FAST` - default behavior: s2n-tls will perform only validations which are fast to perform, 
> such as ensuring that op was performed and matches the conn which it was initiated with.
> - `S2N_ASYNC_PKEY_VALIDATION_STRICT` - in addition to previous checks, s2n-tls will also ensure that signature created as 
> result of async private key sign operation matches with the public key on the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets whether or not a connection should enforce strict signature validation during the `s2n_async_pkey_op_apply` call. 
`mode` can take the following values: 
- `S2N_ASYNC_PKEY_VALIDATION_FAST` - default behavior: s2n-tls will perform only the minimum validation required for safe use of the asyn pkey operation.
- `S2N_ASYNC_PKEY_VALIDATION_STRICT` - in addition to the previous checks, s2n-tls will also ensure that the signature created as a result of the async private key sign operation matches the public key on the connection.
```

(Missing articles, and I'm not sure we need to give examples of the very internal / implementation-specific FAST checks)
